hey guys and ghouls this is just a lot
and this is Nessie and today is up blind
back Peter James luck because I picked
them all also gets up he was my fault
seen the happy song cuz I'm happy couple
room okay so we have to use o me o the
first one let's hope she's happy this
time haha she picked it that's him I got
the purple minion she picked it
everybody next is the summer
wow I got the same one I been a very um
you asked with Lane yours almost out so
I got the one that kind of represents a
kitty I'm just kidding heavy mirror and
it's totes a door and last one is just
sick of all me over
I got Tim well that's him three times
but actually like whoa I got Antonia
Lucy so as you can see she got one thing
she wanted no I really would like the
purpose Martha me the pic much more ok
the same so yeah please your
comments and subscribe bye